## Top Google Dorks
*üîç Search and profit*

### Site:
```
site:example.com intext:confidential
site:example.com ext:log
site:example.com inurl:admin
site:example.com inurl:login
site:example.com inurl:secure
site:example.com filetype:sql
site:example.com ext:xml
site:example.com ext:csv
site:example.com ext:json
site:example.com ext:asp
```
### Extension:
```
site:example.com ext:doc
site:example.com ext:docx
site:example.com ext:odt
site:example.com ext:txt
site:example.com ext:rtf
site:example.com ext:pdf
site:example.com ext:xls
site:example.com ext:xlsx
site:example.com ext:ini
site:example.com ext:bak
```

### Inurl:
```
site:example.com inurl:admin
site:example.com inurl:login
site:example.com inurl:secure
site:example.com inurl:upload
site:example.com inurl:download
site:example.com inurl:profile
site:example.com inurl:edit
site:example.com inurl:password
site:example.com inurl:register
site:example.com inurl:account
```

### Pastebin Leaks:
```
site:pastebin.com "username"
site:pastebin.com "password"
site:pastebin.com "email"
site:pastebin.com "credentials"
site:pastebin.com "leak"
site:pastebin.com "database"
site:pastebin.com "hack"
site:pastebin.com "breach"
site:pastebin.com "login"
site:pastebin.com "dump"
```

### Index of:
```
site:example.com "index of" passwd
site:example.com "index of" password
site:example.com "index of" config
site:example.com "index of" db
site:example.com "index of" users
site:example.com "index of" admin
site:example.com "index of" backup
site:example.com "index of" login
site:example.com "index of" secure
site:example.com "index of" secret
```

### Filetypes:
```
site:example.com filetype:sql
site:example.com filetype:db
site:example.com filetype:ini
site:example.com filetype:txt
site:example.com filetype:cfg
site:example.com filetype:env
site:example.com filetype:bak
site:example.com filetype:log
site:example.com filetype:dat
site:example.com filetype:save
```

### Cache:
```
cache:example.com login
cache:example.com register
cache:example.com upload
cache:example.com download
cache:example.com profile
cache:example.com account
cache:example.com password
cache:example.com secure
cache:example.com admin
cache:example.com secret
```

### Info:
```
info:example.com login
info:example.com register
info:example.com upload
info:example.com download
info:example.com profile
info:example.com account
info:example.com password
info:example.com secure
info:example.com admin
info:example.com secret
```

### Related:
```
related:example.com login
related:example.com register
related:example.com upload
related:example.com download
related:example.com profile
related:example.com account
related:example.com password
related:example.com secure
related:example.com admin
related:example.com secret
```
