WordPress:
site:example.com inurl:wp-login.php
site:example.com inurl:wp-admin
site:example.com inurl:wp-content
site:example.com inurl:wp-includes

SQL:
filetype:xls intext:password
filetype:txt intext:password
inurl:php?id=
inurl:backup filetype:sql
intext:sql_connect filetype:php
site:example.com inurl:sql
site:example.com filetype:sql
site:example.com filetype:php inurl:id

FTP:
inurl:ftp
site:example.com inurl:ftp

Configuration files:
inurl:config filetype:php
site:example.com inurl:config

Other:
inurl:admin
intext:private key
site:example.com inurl:login
site:example.com inurl:godaddy

SSH:
intext:ssh_config filetype:txt
intext:sshd_config filetype:txt

HTTPS:
site:example.com inurl:https
site:example.com inurl:ssl
intext:ssl_certificate filetype:txt

Telnet:
intext:telnet_enable filetype:txt
intext:telnetd_enable filetype:txt

DNS:
intext:bind filetype:txt
site:example.com inurl:dns
intext:dns_config filetype:txt

SMTP:
intext:smtp_enable filetype:txt
site:example.com inurl:smtp
intext:smtp_config filetype:txt
